Create 2022-04-26-urbit-foundation-meetup-kingsnight-amsterdam.md (#1408)
urbit/urbit.org: content/events/2022-04-26-urbit-foundation-meetup-kingsnight-amsterdam.md

+++
title = "Urbit Foundation Meetup - Kingsnight"
starts = "2022-04-26T18:00:00"
ends = "2022-04-26T21:30:00"
timezone = "Europe/Amsterdam"
location = "Hortus Botanicus, Plantage Middenlaan 2a, 1018 DD Amsterdam, Netherlands"
image = "https://i.imgur.com/g75pj4M.png"
registration_url = "https://www.meetup.com/urbit-sf/events/285233312/"

> description = "The Martian way of peer-to-peer social computing"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description = "The Martian way of P2P social computing"
```
